Added Sysbench and OpenLDAP files (#364)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/openldap.md

---
name: OpenLDAP
category: Networking
description: OpenLDAP is an open-source software suite for implementing LDAP directory services, facilitating secure and scalable directory management and access.
download_url: https://git.openldap.org/openldap/openldap/-/tags
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: OPENLDAP_REL_ENG_2_4_50
    release_date: 2020/04/28
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.openldap.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://www.openldap.org/doc/admin26/quickstart.html
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Version "OPENLDAP_REL_ENG_2_4_50" has been successfully installed on the Neoverse N1, prior versions are failing to install.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Version "OPENLDAP_REL_ENG_2_4_50" has been successfully buitt and installed on the Neoverse N1, prior versions are failing to build.
```
